Move the Intel specific features to a separate document. Mainly: (#7307)
intel/llvm: sycl/doc/extensions/experimental/sycl_ext_oneapi_matrix/sycl_ext_oneapi_intel_matrix.asciidoc

# Additional Intel-only specifics about matrix extension for DPC++

:source-highlighter: coderay
:coderay-linenums-mode: table
:dpcpp: pass:[DPC++]

// This section needs to be after the document title.
:doctype: book
:toc2:
:toc: left
:encoding: utf-8
:lang: en

:blank: pass:[ +]

// Set the default source code type in this document to C++,
// for syntax highlighting purposes.  This is needed because
// docbook uses c++ and html5 uses cpp.
:language: {basebackend@docbook:c++:cpp}

== Notice

Copyright (c) 2021-2022 Intel Corporation.  All rights reserved.

NOTE: Khronos(R) is a registered trademark and SYCL(TM) and SPIR(TM) are
trademarks of The Khronos Group Inc.  OpenCL(TM) is a trademark of Apple Inc.
used by permission by Khronos.

This extension is written against the SYCL 2020 revision 5 specification.  All
references below to the "core SYCL specification" or to section numbers in the
SYCL specification refer to that revision.

**_NOTE:_** This document describes extra features and details for the implementation of `joint_matrix` extension on Intel AMX and Intel XMX.

## Introduction

> The Intel backend implementations on both Intel AMX and DPAS  support `joint_matrix`, `joint_matrix_load`, `joint_matrix_store`, `joint_matrix_mad`, `joint_matrix_fill`, `get_wi_data`, and the query interface, as they are defined in the sycl_ext_oneapi_matrix extension. There are exra specifics about the supported layouts for extra performance and functionality that are listed in this document.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Intel backend implementations on both Intel AMX and XMX  support `joint_matrix`, `joint_matrix_load`, `joint_matrix_store`, `joint_matrix_mad`, `joint_matrix_fill`, `get_wi_data`, and the query interface, as they are defined in the sycl_ext_oneapi_matrix extension. There are exra specifics about the supported layouts for extra performance and functionality that are listed in this document.
```

// I don't think we need a specific feature test macro because there is not really additional features. 

## Extra Functionality
### Layout argument in `joint_matrix` type

> Layout in `joint_matrix` type is completely optional. Intel backends do not need to know about memory layout at the moment of creation of `joint_matrix`. Therefore, `layout` in `joint_matrix` type is optional, not only for matrix `accumulator` but for also Matrix `a` and `b`. In this case, the load with layout as an argument must be used. If `layout` is specified on Matrix `a` or `b`, it must then use the load without `layout` argument. 

Reviewer: I think you should refer to the "Layout template argument" here generally. Where you say e.g. "it must then use the load without `layout` argument. " this is not completely clear: you could state explicitly `joint_matrix_load`. Ideally you can be more explicit about what you mean by `layout` argument here if possible.

**_NOTE:_** This document describes extra features and details for the implementation of `joint_matrix` extension on Intel AMX and Intel XMX.

## Introduction
The Intel backend implementations on both Intel AMX and Intel XMX  support `joint_matrix`, `joint_matrix_load`, `joint_matrix_store`, `joint_matrix_mad`, `joint_matrix_fill`, `get_wi_data`, and the query interface, as they are defined in the sycl_ext_oneapi_matrix extension. There are exra specifics about the supported layouts for extra performance and functionality that are listed in this document.

## Extra Functionality
### Layout argument in `joint_matrix` type

> The layout template argument in `joint_matrix` type is completely optional. Intel backends do not need to know about memory layout at the moment of creation of `joint_matrix`. Therefore, `layout` in `joint_matrix` type is optional, not only for matrix `accumulator` but for matrices `a` and `b` as well. In this case, the `joint_matrix_load` function that takes layout as an argument must be used. Ifthe template argument `layout` is specified on `joint_matrix` type with use `a` or `b`, it must then use the `joint_matrix_load` function that does not take `layout` as an argument.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The layout template argument in the `joint_matrix` constructor is completely optional. Intel backends do not need to know about memory layout at the moment of creation of `joint_matrix`. Therefore,  specifying `layout` in the `joint_matrix` constructor is optional, not only for matrix `accumulator` but for matrices `a` and `b` as well. In this case, the `joint_matrix_load` function that takes layout as an argument must be used. If the template argument `layout` is specified on the `joint_matrix` type with use `a` or `b`, it must then use the `joint_matrix_load` function that does not take `layout` as an argument.  
```
